Update of the bids-starter-kit documentation for PET (#280)
bids-standard/bids-starter-kit: src/tutorials/pet.md

## History

The PET modality is a recent addition to BIDS with its introduction via BEP 009. If you're interested in seeing exactly what and how something gets added to BIDS see the pull request for BEP009 [here](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/633). The results of that extension proposal can be read [here](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.html#positron-emission-tomography) in the bids standard.

## PET image data file formats

> Before we start to convert data we need to quickly mention that PET image data files come of the scanner in various different formats, some scanners provide DICOM files (.dcm) and others use proprietary formats e.g. ECAT format (.v) . In order to facilitate easy testing of data conversion across different PET file formats  the [OpenNeuroPET project](https://openneuropet.github.io/) has compiled a bunch of phantom data from different scanner types and is distributing two examples [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10S0H7HAnMmxHNpZLlifR14ykIuiXcBAD/view?usp=sharing) . You can download them for testing purposes either manually or in the terminal by typing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we start to convert data we need to quickly mention that PET image data files come of the scanner in various different formats, some scanners provide DICOM files (.dcm) and others use proprietary formats for example ECAT format (.v) . In order to facilitate easy testing of data conversion across different PET file formats  the [OpenNeuroPET project](https://openneuropet.github.io/) has compiled a bunch of phantom data from different scanner types and is distributing two examples [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10S0H7HAnMmxHNpZLlifR14ykIuiXcBAD/view?usp=sharing) . You can download them for testing purposes either manually or in the terminal by typing 
```

Reviewer: just to pacify the "bad latin" github action

machine:Projects user$
```

That certainly looks less daunting, now let's change the filenames of the templates so that they make more sense for our data set (aka remove ShortExample from each filename).

> **Note:** if you have multiple PET image files you can distinguish between them by creating a session folder with a unique name and then applying the
> `ses-<label>` label to each file therein. If there's a single pet scan you may omit the additional folder and corresponding label(s) from the filename. For
> more information on labeling see [this link](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.html#pet-recording-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{Note}
If you have multiple PET image files you can distinguish between them by creating a session folder with a unique name
and then applying the `ses-<label>` label to each file therein. 
If there's a single pet scan you may omit the additional folder and corresponding label(s) from the filename.
For more information on labeling see [this link](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.html#pet-recording-data).
```
```
